Make location for package YAML files more clear in the README (#84)
matplotlib/mpl-third-party: README.md

List of matplotlib user-contributed packages.  These are served at http://matplotlib.org/mpl-third-party/.

> To add your package to the list, create a YAML file `your-cool-mpl-package.yml` in the `packages`
> directory with the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your package to the list, create a YAML file `your-cool-mpl-package.yml` in the `packages`
directory. The file must have the following fields:
```
